I'm aboard the brand-new Chris Kraft
Calypso 30 this is a feature packed
30-footer she has a smaller sibling
which is 26 feet but this one has just
about everything you could possibly
imagine starting here in the bow there's
a table so you have a nice area to sit
there's an optional windlass in here and
then also this pops up and it reveals a
full marine head as well as the think
now this thirty quarter is perfect for
entertaining as well first of all you've
got a galley module with a grill and a
sink and a fridge you can come in and
out in this great side gate
you've got convertible seating that
Stow's away and then of course you have
a shade that extends all the way back
when you don't want any of this you put
it away and the boat is perfectly
fishable for more information on the
Chris Craft Calypso xxx visit boats com
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters